K Means Asssignment

-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Data Set Information:

This dataset has been obtained from UCI ML Repository.
https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Facebook+Live+Sellers+in+Thailand

The ‘Facebook Live Sellers in Thailand’ is a dataset present in UCI Machine Learning Datasets. The
data includes 7050 observations and twelve attributes. The data is about the live selling attribute on
the Facebook platform. Each record consists of details about the time live details of the sale are
published to Facebook and engagements in the data. The engagements are regular Facebook
dealings such as sharing and emoji rection.

Column Name 	Description
Status ID	Id of the status
Status Type	Media type of the post(video, photo, link, status)
Status Published	Date and time of the status being posted
Num_reactions	Number of reactions given to that post
Num_comments	Number of comments on the post
num_shares	Number of shares made for that post
num_likes	Number of Thumbs up emojis gave to the post
num_loves	Number of heart emojis given to the post
num_wows	Number of wow emojis given to the post
num_hahas	Number of haha emojis given to the post
num_sads	Number of sad emojis given to the post
num_angrys	Number of angry emojis given to the post
Business Problem:

Live Shopping on Facebook is an interactive way to sell items, connect straight with viewers, and
gain likely customers, all in real-time. When you sell products through Live Shopping on Facebook,
you are live streaming as you feature and demonstrate your products. Small vendors can now reach
a more expansive audience and connect with many clients. You need to implement K-Means
clustering to find intrinsic batches within the dataset that depict the same status_type behavior. The
status_type behavior variable consists of posts of a distinct nature (video, photos, statuses, and
links).
